Update using-fleet/fleet-ui doc page (#7599)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using-Fleet/configuration-files/README.md

### Agent options

The `agent_options` key controls the settings applied to the agent on all your hosts. These settings are applied when each host checks in. 

See the [osquery documentation](https://osquery.readthedocs.io/en/stable/installation/cli-flags/#configuration-control-flags) for the available options. This document shows all examples in command line flag format. Remove the dashed lines (`--`) for Fleet to successfully update the setting. For example, use `distributed_interval` instead of `--distributed_interval`.

> Existing options will be over-written by the application of this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Existing options will be overwritten by the application of this file.
```
